update README stating this is technique is not safe for publishing (#270)
ds300/patch-package: README.md

  <img src="https://ds300.github.io/patch-package/patch-package.svg" width="80%" alt="patch-package" />
</p>

`patch-package` lets app authors instantly make and keep fixes to npm
dependencies. It's a vital band-aid for those of us living on the bleeding edge.

> Note for module authors: it is not safe to publish an npm package that uses `patch-package` to patch a non-dev-dependency.

Reviewer: The "why?" part is missing. Either it's obvious why it shouldn't be done, and there's no need to add this to the readme, or it's not, and that should be explained.

Reviewer 2: Good question. I don't know the why either. I just saw [this comment](https://github.com/ds300/patch-package/issues/84#issuecomment-461221012).

Author: I believe it is because patches are applied to a specific file in your `node_modules` folder, but when a package is installed by end users the node_modules dependency tree may shift things around, and this shifting could be due to factors that can't be controlled by `patch-package`.

Also, if the dependency you are patching is _also_ imported by the user of your package, patch package shouldn't patch that version of the package... which is not really possible, at least not without some really weird shenanigans.

To work around this issue I used package.json's `bundleDependencies` to include the actual dependency I patched in my published package.

Reviewer 2: @davidmurdoch Nice! By the way, I've used `bundleDependencies` in the past too, it works well with npm but I've met [an issue with yarn](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn/issues/5998)...

Author: Good to know!

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying @davidmurdoch, perhaps your comment or a shortened version of it could be included in the readme?

  <img src="https://ds300.github.io/patch-package/patch-package.svg" width="80%" alt="patch-package" />
</p>

> **Note: It is not safe to publish npm packages with patched dependencies!**
> 
> `patch-package` lets app authors instantly make and keep fixes to npm
> dependencies. It's a vital band-aid for those of us living on the bleeding edge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`patch-package` lets app authors instantly make and keep fixes to npm
dependencies. It's a vital band-aid for those of us living on the bleeding edge.

Note for module authors: it is not safe to publish an npm package that uses `patch-package` to patch a non-dev-dependency.
```

`patch-package` lets app authors instantly make and keep fixes to npm
dependencies. It's a vital band-aid for those of us living on the bleeding edge.

> _Note for module authors: it is not safe to publish an npm package that uses
> `patch-package` to patch a non-dev-dependency because patches are applied to
> a specific file in your node_modules folder, but when a package is installed
> by end users the node_modules dependency tree may shift things around, and
> this shifting could be due to factors that can't be controlled by
> `patch-package`._
> 
> _Also, if the dependency you are patching is also imported by the user of your
> package, patch package shouldn't patch that version of the package... which is
> not really feasible._

Reviewer 2: Hello, thanks for pinging! I propose a slightly different wording (and also reduced the amount of bold text):

```suggestion
_Note for module authors: it is not safe to publish an npm package that uses
`patch-package` to patch a non-dev-dependency._ This is because `patch-package` works by patching specific files in specific places within the `node_modules` folder, and currently cannot control the following factors:
- When an end user installs your package, their `node_modules` dependency tree may have shifted things around.
- If the dependency you patched is also depended on by other packages (or directly by the end user), you might be causing unintended breaking changes.
```

Feel free to disagree, make further changes, and such :)

Author: Perfect. I've made suggested the change.
